Todos.md, before:

# Todos

- [x] Install library dependencies
  - [x] Tailwind
  - [x] Luxon (for time formatting)
- [x] Config library dependencies
  - [x] Tailwind
  - [x] Luxon
- [x] Create in-house libraries
  - [x] `serverAPILib`
    - [x] `getPhotoObjects()`
    - [x] `getPhoto()`
    - [x] `getScores()`
    - [x] `createScore()`
    - [x] `createGame()`
    - [x] `startGame()`
    - [x] `updateGame()`
    - [x] `deleteGame()`
    - [x] Update AJAX calls to save and send cookie from server for HTTP requests that involve the game session
  - [x] `utilsLib`
    - [x] `formatDuration()`
  - [x] `useStopwatch` React hook
    - [x] `start()`
    - [x] `stop()`
    - [x] `reset()`
    - [x] `elapsedTimeInMS`
- [x] Create UI elements with dummy data and state
  - [x] `Header`
  - [x] `CharactersList`
  - [x] `Stopwatch`
  - [x] `PhotoMap`
  - [x] `ScoreForm`
  - [x] `Scoreboard`
- [ ] Add functionality to UI elements with real data and state
  - [x] `Header`
  - [x] `CharactersList`
  - [x] `Stopwatch`
  - [x] `PhotoMap`
    - [ ] Optional: Dynamically position the list of target buttons so that they are never visually off-screen
      - [ ] Target buttons' leftmost position should be in the same vertical (y) position as the target box's left border when the target box is in the left side of the photo
      - [ ] Target buttons' rightmost position should be in the same vertical (y) position as the target box's right border when the target box is in the right side of the photo
    - [ ] Optional: Allow photo map to scale up beyond its original dimensions (need a `scaleDownPosition()` function)
  - [ ] `ScoreForm`
  - [x] `Scoreboard`
    - [x] Display the run times in the format `HH:MM:SS.MS`
- [ ] Test the app
- [ ] Deploy to GitHub Pages
- [ ] Optional: Create and update favicon

Commit message:

Fix Stopwatch time sync bug with server

Todos.md, after:

# Todos

- [x] Install library dependencies
  - [x] Tailwind
  - [x] Luxon (for time formatting)
- [x] Config library dependencies
  - [x] Tailwind
  - [x] Luxon
- [x] Create in-house libraries
  - [x] `serverAPILib`
    - [x] `getPhotoObjects()`
    - [x] `getPhoto()`
    - [x] `getScores()`
    - [x] `createScore()`
    - [x] `createGame()`
    - [x] `startGame()`
    - [x] `updateGame()`
    - [x] `deleteGame()`
    - [x] Update AJAX calls to save and send cookie from server for HTTP requests that involve the game session
  - [x] `utilsLib`
    - [x] `formatDuration()`
  - [x] `useStopwatch` React hook
    - [x] `start()`
    - [x] `stop()`
    - [x] `reset()`
    - [x] `elapsedTimeInMS`
- [x] Create UI elements with dummy data and state
  - [x] `Header`
  - [x] `CharactersList`
  - [x] `Stopwatch`
  - [x] `PhotoMap`
  - [x] `ScoreForm`
  - [x] `Scoreboard`
- [ ] Add functionality to UI elements with real data and state
  - [x] `Header`
  - [x] `CharactersList`
  - [x] `Stopwatch`
  - [x] `PhotoMap`
    - [ ] Optional: Dynamically position the list of target buttons so that they are never visually off-screen
      - [ ] Target buttons' leftmost position should be in the same vertical (y) position as the target box's left border when the target box is in the left side of the photo
      - [ ] Target buttons' rightmost position should be in the same vertical (y) position as the target box's right border when the target box is in the right side of the photo
    - [ ] Optional: Allow photo map to scale up beyond its original dimensions (need a `scaleDownPosition()` function)
  - [ ] `ScoreForm`
  - [x] `Scoreboard`
    - [x] Display the run times in the format `HH:MM:SS.MS`
- [ ] Fix bugs
  - [x] Fix bug with stopped elapsed time on client side not matching what the server recorded (client's time is always faster than server's time)
  - [ ] Fix bug with score form modal not closing upon successful score submission
- [ ] Do misc tasks
  - [ ] Only score form to be submitted once (prevent multiple spam submissions for any completed game session)
- [ ] Test the app
- [ ] Deploy to GitHub Pages
- [ ] Optional: Create and update favicon
